>> Mike North: Let's make
a rainbow array of buttons.
I know, lots of buttons today,
it's fantastic.
In your app.scss, you're already set
up to consume a mixin for this case.
It's just not doing anything.
Your job is to fill in the blank.
So I've already saved you the effort
of wiring it up yourself.
It's already included and
there should be an _mixins file,
like a partial, Sass partial
that contains this thing, right?
And it should take an argument as color.
And so what we want to do is build
a mixin where we can define a button of
an arbitrary color very easily.
And you should see in your app.scss
we're creating all seven of
these things with just one line each, for
each flavor of button that we have here.
So this would be great if we were
building a material design library or
something like that where we want to allow
a very high degree of customization but
we don't want our Sass
to grow in complexity.